they're making me battalion chief
and i want you to make captain but we
can't be together because i won't get my
promotion
or we can't be together because if
people find out
you won't get your asking you why you
can't stop
trapping where you are you're calling me
a [ __ ] your decisions reflect on me
on my legacy friendships only function
if you can talk to your friends about
what you're going through and i'm so
busy protecting your promotions
but this was never going anywhere real
seattle fire is a fine institution but i
believe there's always room for
improvement
i'm sure you know i'll be appointing a
new battalion chief soon
you won't give me any reason why i
shouldn't be you why are you here in
seattle oh ryan it's so good to see you
it's been so long
how hard could that be did my dad call
you is that where you're it's okay i'll
stay
me too
in line for battalion chief i think your
behavior
with my daughter could get in the way of
that if it comes to life
damn you are good at that
your husband
fast gift a physician response team
field medicine a surgeon who's first on
the scene
i don't think i'm okay
dad i need you to come back come back
come back come back
my leg felt like it was on fire today
because you have complex regional pain
syndrome i told you i'd like to get
worse
fire and medicine working together
innovating
changing the way we save lives
the department can't know if they find
out i have a chronic condition to throw
me a party that ends with a desk job
surgery you don't want her to be captain
i do someday
i wanted to have your job someday i
wanted to be fire chief someday and none
of that will happen if you promote her
now
i'm recommending you as captain of
station 19.
i found out i was pregnant and you were
the only person i'd been with that month
because of
celibacy need for privacy when it comes
to your health but if you're sick your
daughter deserves to know my daughter
deserves to grieve for one family member
at a time
i've been sleeping with eva eva rico's
wife
eva are you trying to give maya a reason
to fire you
[Music]
uh captain my bishop
ever have the woman you love mess around
on you
because i was too sad my friend died and
then they gave you the job i'm not mad
that you took it i'm mad
that you took it without a single word
of acknowledgement
[Music]
is it back testicular cancer
it's metastasized
yeah um three vials are missing you
counted
we kind of said you want me to hit you
again is that it you want me to beat the
guilt out of you i just want to know we
can work together
huh come on
19. i'd like you to meet your newest
probie now don't be fooled by his pretty
boy looks he's tough as nails don't be
afraid to put him through the ringer
i'll get warren
us you you're gonna leave her
annie i'm in trouble and i don't know
who else to talk to about it
but you who i want to talk to because
i'm in love so he's out of surgery
stable and in the icu
thank you thank you okay i move in here
and help you with the baby
and then i have a place to live and you
have help and everybody's problems are
solved
and i don't know why or how and i i
can't explain it but you're the safest
place i have
so
this day i've gotten a chance to get
married
it might be nice for your dad to get to
see that
i want my dad here for this
montgomery
no response from inside okay that's why
i'm gonna save my daughter's life and
i'm gonna do right now
what i've done for the last 40 years of
my life which is be a damn firefighter
our whole team was trapped in there they
were dying
and captain herrera saved them the only
villain in this story is you for denying
his line of duty funeral
you saw your battalion chief odi on
fentanyl
so it was him um i'm andy herrera i used
to work here
welcome back thanks guys i missed you
i'm gay
and i i want to say that i'm a proud gay
man but
i don't think i'm there yet you stole
drugs for the prt which is a felony
and then you persuaded me to falsify
those records which is also
a felony you tell no one else you keep
your job you keep your title
bishop keeps her title herrera keeps her
job warren keeps his job the prt keeps
running
it's all over no one loses their job
are you serious
i'm gonna take down fire chief dixon
[Music]
i would like to say publicly that
i love this woman
and i love her so much that i married
her oh
the foster boy without a daddy is
calling me bro yeah well i'd rather have
no daddy didn't have yours don't you
dare talk about my father
i will bury you understand my father was
controlling my
father he has a track record of going
behind my back in the name of protecting
me
i understand that you're going through a
lot and and i i'm trying not to be mad
at you
i just slept with jack an hour ago so be
mad at that
i'm warning you beginning with his
decision to cover up the theft of
schedule 2 narcotics
by her firefighter well wait which
station
19. what did you know about
my parents was was he controlling was he
awful to her was
was was she crazy andy where do you go
kept her for me he got my cousins
sometimes it's easier to be mad at
someone you lost and to grieve the man i
am greedy you're trying to find a reason
to be mad at your family
hey dad you should probably wait for me
at home your family's falling apart
you're playing fire captain
i'm not playing anything i am captain
did your mother fill your head with
drama hmm
no i think maybe she killed herself
a warrant for your arrest but this is
some kind of prank
you're being charged with fraud and
[Music]
extortion
i was so stupid everyone saw the truth
about my dad but me
i'm so grateful for you travis
i love you and i am really sorry
that i don't love you back just please
please please take me back
i love you i love you maya
oh you're gonna kick me out for some
girl you've been on three dates no no
it's also confusing for proof for proof
dr shepard
[Music]
she's very sick but everything's gonna
be okay
[Music]
mommy
you